Silvia, you've talked about values
and codes as determinants
of creating a brand, but I
don't know exactly what the
difference between each is.
It is important to know this
difference, because it is true
that many people do not have
it very clear.
Values are really your DNA, which is
what makes you unique and special and
is really different from the one in
front of you.
It is really what remains and
the codes are what are
evolving over time.
If we put a practical example of
a person, the values would be what
you are, you know, or what
I am, you know, as a person,
exactly what I am.
The codes are how I have
evolved over time or I have
hair cut, I say the longer hair,
a year or years ago I had it longer,
maybe then I had it, before
it was more classic dressing,
now I am more modern or
the same as you.
You are the same person, you are the same person.
It may even be the example of
a person who, if he is single,
married, has children, those
would be the codes, but the
values are always the same.
You are, exactly, you are as you
are, with your ethics, with your
education, with your way of being,
etc., with your personality, because
it is your personality, it is your
DNA, it is what makes you not the
one in front of you.
And the codes are what have
been, somehow, changing as it
has been evolving over time.
In the case of the brands, it is
exactly the same.
We in our brand have a number of values,
because obviously you talk
about culture, you talk about craftsmanship,
you talk about excellence, you
talk about service, you talk
about, of course, Spain, because
it is the only Spanish luxury brand.
There is no other.
And that's what makes you different.
And from those values, you have
to work on everything that is the
marketing mix, the product, the communication.
A little of what we talked about
before, you have to work on the
basis that nothing of what you do
can, somehow, say, uy, this is
not my brand.
It is true that it is noticed.
Suddenly, if you think of an idea
and say, this is not within the
values.
Yes, this is not my brand, it is
not aligned with values.
And the codes are that interpretation
or that evolution that does not
change.
Of course, it will evolve according
to the weather, the tastes
of customers, etc., countries,
too.
Of course, of the countries, but basically
it is not so much of the countries,
but it is the brand itself
that is evolving.
For example, a little what I
told you before, what I saw before,
the bags were brown, with the black
logo, one of a certain typology,
and now that bag or that branding
has changed and is white with
the black logo and a totally different
typography, even what are
the communication
layouts, etc.
That is what is evolving
with time.
The codes are touchable, what is
untouchable you can never
change and has to be there, are
the values, the DNA of the brand.
Subscribe to the channel and like it!